Simon Hoxley, Europol.
I believe you have
something for me.
HOXLEY:
That is Nicholas Endicott.
OFFICER:
What does it mean?
It means I am heading
to New York City.
-(alarm blaring)
-(Malcolm shouts)
♪ ♪
-I attract caring and positive
people into my life.
-(chirping)
("Ça Plane Pour Moi"
by Plastic Bertrand playing)
(phone chimes)
♪ ♪
MARTIN:
I'm telling you,
these infirmary hours have been
like a soothing, tingly balm
on the psyche.
-You've said as much.
-No, I didn't.
But one steps into
a medical setting,
and it all floods back
like a Proustian memory.
The alcohol, the iodine...
-CAPSHAW: Stabbing in the yard.
-(man groaning in pain)
Patient highly agitated.
We need to stabilize.
-The blood.
-Mr. David, a little help here.
Looks like he may have nicked
his brachial artery.
-I could help.
-Shut up.
You know, if you can't stop the
bleeding, you'll lose the arm.
-Don't you think I know that?
-(man yells)
CAPSHAW:
Damn it!
Let me help.
Hold him still.
Get Whitly out of here now!
So your sister moves out,
and you want to celebrate
over dinner?
JESSICA (on phone, chuckles):
As delightful a houseguest
as Birdie was,
she will be even more delightful
in the garden apartment
of our Murray Hill building.
Now we can have a conversation
without speaking in code.
Well, I just got a case, so...
Uh-uh-uh-uh-uh, your sister has
already RSVP'd, and I know
things have been tense
between you two.
Ainsley and I may have
had it out,
but... it was constructive.
We're Whitlys. No one does this
murder stuff better than us.
JESSICA: Oh, I have no idea
what that means.
But I will see you at 7:00.
-I'll be there at 8:00.
-(phone beeps)
Shooting was the cause of death.
Hanging was accidental.
The vic got caught up
as she fled.
Her name's Holly Corso, age 35.
She was the boat's
chief steward.
DANI: Chief stew runs
the interior crew.
The boatswain runs
the exterior crew.
It's supervisory.
Takes a lot of experience
to earn that title.
-And the passengers?
-No, it's too early
for charter season.
They just made
the Atlantic crossing,
stopped for repairs,
got caught up with the weather.
The crew was out barhopping,
found Holly when
they rolled back in
about 4:00 this morning.
Holly's face was made up
for a night out,
but she stayed in.
Yeah, the crew said she
changed her mind last minute.
Which means she was contacted
by someone she knows.
This murder was personal.
(ship horn blares)
(chuckles)
My stars, that was a tit bit
louder than I expected.
Sorry to interrupt.
(laughs)
No, do go on.
Actually, don't bother.
This murder wasn't personal.
And who the hell are you?
Simon Hoxley.
Europol. Just observing.
With your commissioner's
permission, of course.
Yeah, you're that guy.
The MindSleuth.
Detective Tarmel. I hear
you're quite the workhorse
over at Major Crimes.
And if you've read my book,
quite the brains as well.
(chuckles)
Can't argue with you there.
Detective Powell.
Young. Accomplished.
-Enchanté.
-No.
And Lieutenant Gil Arroyo.
The man who took down
The Surgeon.
And then took in his son,
Malcolm Bright,
as a protégé.
Apologies for stepping
on your toes.
Being The Surgeon's son,
you're inclined to see
murder as personal
because for you...
it always is.
All right, then.
What do you see?
Our killer met Ms. Corso
on the top deck
and shot her twice.
Simple. Precise.
The victim was left hanging,
which shows
the killer's indifference.
You failed to see what is
staring you in the face.
A targeted assassination.
(scoffs) You don't have
nearly enough information
to call this a professional hit.
Don't I?
The only way you could come
to that conclusion is...
...is if this murder wasn't
the first of its kind.
Is that why you're really here?
Are you trying to profile me?
Aim a little lower, Whitly.
(laughs)
Do you have anything concrete
to share?
Because observer or not,
this is my crime scene.
Overseas, I was investigating
a courier chain
that moves illicit goods
all over the world.
Drugs, guns, and perhaps
a particularly gruesome
dead body.
As my investigation
gained traction,
someone started killing
the links in the chain
one by one, including Ms. Corso.
-You're saying our vic
smuggled a dead body?
-Possibly.
Although, as I said...
I don't want to step
on anyone's toes.
-(reporters clamoring)
-Why is Europol so interested
in this murder? Sir...
This is under
the NYPD's jurisdiction,
but I will say that this murder
may relate to my investigation,
which could be
the crime of the century.
Oh, come on, you can't just
throw that out there
and not give us a little more.
All right, Ms. Whitly.
I caught this particular snake
by the tail
near Lake Peipus in Estonia.
Lake Peipus? Isn't that where...
And once I find the head
of the snake, I will also find
the person who killed
this woman,
who killed others like her,
and who killed the American
billionaire Nicholas Endicott.
Do you have any suspects?
♪ ♪
How much trouble are we in?
I mean, this guy is
supposed to be like
a modern Sherlock Holmes.
That's a little generous.
Then how did he figure out
Endicott wasn't killed overseas?
We said no more secrets.
I knew the body
couldn't be found here,
but I didn't exactly put it
in a suitcase, get on a plane
and dump it in an Estonian lake
all by myself.
So how'd you do it?
With Nicholas Endicott's help.
Sophie Sanders told me
how he covered up his crimes
using a network of couriers.
Most of them had no idea
what they were moving
or who they were working for.
The number was right there
in his phone.
So you used Endicott's own
courier network
to dump his body.
Seemed like
the most elegant solution.
Yeah.
Except everyone who
transported the body is dead.
Not everyone.
♪ ♪
These two.
I can help with that.
Oh, you don't have to.
Thank you.
(chuckles)
You know how it is.
They never tell you
what you're picking up.
You're not supposed to ask
questions, but...
how do you know what to expect
if you don't ask?
-(grunts)
-(suitcase thuds)
And I just asked a question.
It's okay.
Hey, dude, don't worry.
We got it from here.
(van door opens, closes)
(engine starts)
She reminded me of Sophie.
Endicott always seemed to find
vulnerable people
he could manipulate.
She's still out there.
Then... you better find her
before the MindSleuth does.
I don't like being ambushed.
If this case leads
to Endicott's killer,
I deserve to know before
some bozo at New York One.
I withheld information from you,
and for that I apologize.
But Endicott did try
to kill you,
and you were one of the last
people to see him alive.
-Therefore...
-You think I murdered him?
I was busy bleeding out
over at New York Presbyterian
when he went missing.
That's a hell of an alibi.
You've been close to the Whitlys
for decades now.
And it's no secret that Endicott
was cozying up to America's
favorite murderous family.
I didn't have anything to do
with Endicott's death,
and neither did Jessica.
Jessica.
Endicott's final paramour.
I'm sensing you two have
a little...
history.
Which gives you both motive.
What we both found out
is what kind of a man he was.
The way I feel is, if Endicott
was killed in my city,
on my watch,
I want to know who did it.
Lieutenant Arroyo...
you do not disappoint.
I'd feel the same way.
(chuckles)
You know, Europol agents
aren't able to make arrests.
But it would be my honor
to watch you put the cuffs
on Mr. Endicott's killer.
Deal?
Deal.
JT:
Our crew's alibi checks out,
but they did say
Holly was living large.
Our vic was a spender.
Makes sense if she was
smuggling on the side.
DANI:
You know, I've been thinking,
these private yachts,
they have to be ready
for anything, right?
That means food, booze.
They got a lot of cold storage.
Now, normally,
that's the chef's domain,
but on a transatlantic
crossing...
Holly could have stored
Endicott's body in the walk-in.
How do you know
so much about yachts?
I watch a lot of Below Deck.
Anyway, we find out
what was delivered,
we find the next link
in the chain.
Good thinking.
So I guess that, uh,
Hoxley guy's along for the ride
-on this one, huh?
-At least he's the real deal.
(chuckles) If you look past
the hocus-pocus,
you'll notice he's had a lot
of lucky breaks in his career.
So when you profile a killer,
it's for real,
but when Hoxley does it,
it's a magic trick?
Says the guy
who bought his book.
Maybe what our boy Bright needs
is a moniker.
Like, uh...
BrainHacker.
JT:
Professor Profile.
DANI:
Captain CrimeFighter.
-You got something?
-Uh, no.
Nothing yet.
MARTIN:
My boy! It's okay. I'm alone.
So...
a globe-trotting killer
is murdering his own...
couriers?
And the agent thinks it's the
same person who killed Endicott.
So I need to outthink him
before he gets too close.
But if the murderer kills
this courier
who saw your face,
maybe that works in your favor.
I'm just floating an idea.
No. That woman does not
deserve to die.
Yes, excellent point, of course.
(clears throat)
So, uh, who's this...
Eurotrash investigator
they've sent?
It's Simon Hoxley.
The MindSleuth?
The one and only.
Ooh, boy.
He's got a perfect track record.
Perfect conviction rate.
Perfect teeth.
For a Brit.
This is not helpful.
You know, for years,
he tried to interview me,
but I wasn't interested.
That's why I barely earned
a passing mention
-in his book.
-Can we focus?
Please?
I am deceiving my team,
and I'm currently
breaking into
a seafood processing plant.
I should not be doing
any of these things.
Yeah, well,
your family is at stake.
If you want to get ahead
of Simon Hoxley,
you're gonna
have to be ruthless.
Yeah, well,
I can think ruthless.
I don't know
if I can be ruthless.
Okay, so let's think ruthless.
Why a seafood fac...
(laughs): Oh...
Oh, I bet they vacuum-sealed
and flash-froze
Mr. Endicott
like a big-eye tuna.
Yeah, that sounds about right.
Yeah, well, your father
has skills, my boy.
I just wish more people
would utilize them.
I tell you what.
Why don't I break out,
take care of Hoxley...
I'm not hearing any of this.
And then we all go
on the run together!
No, no, no, no, no.
-(dial tone droning)
-So you're saying that's a no?
(groans)
I'm sorry about this.
Be ruthless.
(grunts, groans)
(nearby rattling)
DANI:
You're not their main supplier,
but we still have
to cover all our bases.
Well, fine,
but our crew's gone home.
We're gonna need your records
on personnel, too.
We got a body!
Oh, God.
That's Brian.
Brian Tamishiro.
I'm calling it in.
(camera clicking)
-(police radio chatter)
-(sirens wailing outside)
You got here fast.
I was in the neighborhood.
(chuckles)
Why is your arm wet?
BRIGHT:
Oh... (laughs)
Uh...
if you really want to know,
there was a, um,
cab and a pothole
and water and...
Hey, this the victim?
The dead man? Yes.
Good catch.
The victim is Brian Tamishiro.
He worked as a delivery driver,
but he also did packing
and shrink-wrapping.
Endicott's body never showed
much evidence of freezer burn,
so the shrink-wrapping
and flash-freezing were
likely done here.
I'm never buying
frozen fish again.
Vic was shot twice,
and as a bonus,
the killer took his thumb.
Initial blood spatter is
contained.
And Brian was here after
the shift finished, which means
he stayed late to meet someone.
I believe
the victim knew his attacker.
Now...
the missing thumb.
The killer took the thumb
because he needed it.
I'll wager we haven't
recovered a phone yet.
(chuckles) I was gonna say
the same thing.
And you'd both be right--
no phone.
It'll be an older model
with a print scanner
instead of facial recognition.
Otherwise, the killer
would have taken the whole head.
BRIGHT (laughs):
Yes.
Yes, we are lucky that
that's not the case.
The killer will use the phone
to locate the next link
in the chain.
Maybe we can get there first.
Save whoever it is.
I was going to say
the same thing.
Look at that, you guys
agreeing on something.
(chuckles) When a crime scene
is this obvious,
so are the conclusions.
Or perhaps the scene is obvious
because it was designed to be?
Dr. Capshaw, are you all right?
I'm fine.
Nice work with the pans.
Thank you.
What is it?
The, um...
(inhales sharply)
...the patient from earlier.
He had a bleed
in his subclavian.
He-he died.
Ten minutes after he got
to the trauma center.
Damn.
I'm sorry.
You're sorry?
The Surgeon?
A surgeon.
I once was a doctor like you.
Yeah, with a complete lack
of regard for human life.
Not complete.
I've gotten that call.
It hurts.
You don't believe me?
You killed 23 people.
Never on my operating table.
Church and state, Dr. Capshaw.
I never mix business
and pleasure.
How can you separate the two?
Perhaps that was my...
particular brand of madness.
I'm here, after all.
As are you.
It's a job.
You're better than this place.
Well, tell me,
h-h-how did you end up here?
They told me you'd do this.
Do what?
Lure me in.
Manipulate me.
It's not happening, Whitly.
I'm in charge.
Do we understand each other?
Yes.
I believe we do.
Good.
The blood drain's clogged.
Wipe up the floor,
and you can go.
It would be my pleasure.
-Good Lord, that is excellent!
-(laughs)
American women make
better cocktails,
and I'll fight anyone
who disagrees.
Just keep piling on the charm,
and maybe I won't notice that
you are here with an agenda.
Mm, another great
American quality.
-Getting down to brass tacks.
-Well...
I know you think Nicholas
was killed in New York,
and I was one of the last people
to see him alive,
so your curiosity is
understandable.
Hmm. I'm glad you feel that way.
(exhales)
But, sadly...
I can't offer any insight
on Nicholas's death.
Now, how did
a clever woman like you
get entangled with
so many homicidal men?
(laughs)
So we're already
down that road, are we?
You must've been furious
when your latest paramour
turned out to be
a murderous thug.
Jessica Whitly...
played for a fool...
yet again.
So... I killed Nicholas.
(chuckles)
Perhaps I did it...
after his thug stabbed Gil
in the gut
and I sat by my dying friend
in the hospital.
Or... maybe...
during Gil's surgery!
I took a little trip
to the snack machine
and lured Nicholas back
to my lair and killed him.
Right here.
But most likely,
Detectives Powell, Tarmel and I
stayed by Gil's side
as he clung to life.
Is that alibi sufficient
for you?
I cannot believe
I made you a martini.
Well, I am very honored
to have been invited
to your home.
It's quite perfect.
Yes, it is.
Which is why it's puzzling
you would even suggest
that Nicholas Endicott
was killed here.
(gasps) I was just...
I never would have imagined
that this very room
might be the scene of the crime.
-Oh...
-His throat was slit, you know.
A bloody business that is.
And now I'm noticing
this brand-new rug.
It's less sun-drenched
than its counterpart.
I've met some terrifying men
in my day...
so if you're trying to scare me,
you're gonna have to
do better than this.
-Now...
-(pats hands)
I hope you enjoy
your stay in New York.
I intend it to be a short trip.
(door opens, closes)
(breath trembling)
Family meeting. Now.
You should have called me
the second he showed up.
Because that wouldn't
have seemed suspicious.
She has a point.
You have no idea what I've been
doing to keep this family safe.
No, we don't.
Because you do not let us in.
Oh, well, what would you
like to know?
How I've been dishonest
with my team?
Or maybe you'd like to know
about the thumb in my freezer.
-Wait, what?
-I do not want to know that.
Just "letting you in."
AINSLEY:
Okay, well, I for one
think we've done
a pretty good job
in regards to this murder.
JESSICA:
Are you listening to yourself?
AINSLEY:
Oh, come on,
you know what I mean.
Do you even see what you
are doing to him?
What you have done to all of us
by killing Nicholas?
I was trying to save us.
Stop. Stop.
If we have any hope
of getting out of this,
we need to stick together.
From here on out,
nobody talks to Simon Hoxley.
He has our whole family
in his crosshairs,
and we will sink or swim
together.
Got it?
(quietly):
Got it.
The problem is,
there's one more member
of the Whitly family.
(door opens)
(footsteps approaching)
My, my.
How far The Surgeon has fallen.
Mm, missed a spot.
(chuckles)
(handcuffs clicking)
Now this... is a real dump.
Another interview request?
You just can't take "no"
for an answer.
Official business this time.
As an agent of Europol.
Not The New York Times
best-selling author.
(chuckles): What did you
call yourself again?
The Brain Puzzler?
MindSleuth.
I'm sorry you weren't
featured in the book.
My editor told me
to trim the fat.
The critics loved it, though.
It was even made into a movie.
Ah, a TV movie.
You saw it, then.
I'm glad they're keeping you
entertained in here.
Oh, did I say I was entertained?
You'll certainly be featured
in my next book.
I'm still working on the title.
Sins of the Father is
a little too on the nose.
-(snapping fingers)
-There's just no snappy
way of saying,
"The Whitly family murdered
Nicholas Endicott."
The family that slays together
stays together?
I see you're still using humor
to deflect your fear.
(laughs):
Of you? The Brain Fart?
-(laughing)
-You're afraid for your family.
After all, you molded them,
-you turned them all into...
-What the hell is this?
Dr. Capshaw.
Meet the Mind Putzer.
Simon Hoxley. Enchanté.
My, my, a beautiful doctor
in this cesspool?
With The Surgeon?
He needs to finish his work.
Two minutes. Please.
Or do I have to
call your administrator,
say you're being a problem?
♪ ♪
You're being rude, Hoxley.
How about this for rude?
Your family couldn't possibly
pull off
killing Nicholas Endicott
without your help.
They don't have
your killer instinct.
Oh, you should see my ex
at a charity auction.
Enough jokes!
What did you tell them?
How to clean up a crime scene?
How to dismember a body
for transport?
What was that?
Do I detect a little glimmer
of... paternal pride?
Of course.
Your son Malcolm.
He studied murder at your knees,
and now he's passed
his first real test
by killing Nicholas Endicott.
Oh. And Daddy's proud.
Just leave my son alone.
HOXLEY:
Your anger is an admission
of his guilt.
Tell me something.
How will you feel when
I lock him away for life?
When you see him
like a useless husk of a man...
just like his father.
-Just...
-CAPSHAW: Whitly.
Your shift is over.
It's time to go.
You really shouldn't
have interrupted me.
I'm going to have
to call your...
Already did.
I told my administrators
that I was gonna kick your ass
out of here.
If they didn't like it, fire me.
They didn't fire me.
(quietly):
Stay away from my family.
(Sunshine tweeting)
Okay.
Her contact is
in here somewhere,
but I'll have to be fast.
Now...
...did you know that
you can't unlock a phone
without a bioelectric current?
-(tweeting)
-Geolocation will pinpoint us
in 60 seconds, so...
(timer ticking)
(exhales)
(clicks)
Got it!
♪ ♪
-(timer ringing)
-(pounding on door)
Whitly! I know you're in there.
-(pounding continues)
-Whitly!
Fancy yourself as a bit
of a white knight, do you?
Technically,
that's a footman's sword.
Dull-edged, but designed
to pierce armor.
A metaphorical choice
for a profiler.
Do you think our occupation
gives us an edge...
were we to plan a murder?
You may as well just
come out and say it.
Fine.
You killed him.
It's as clear as day.
What about motive?
Why would I kill
Nicholas Endicott?
(scoffs)
To protect your sister,
to avenge your mother,
to keep your father comfy
at Claremont.
You all had something to gain.
It was a family affair.
You want to pierce some armor?
I'll tell you what I see.
A man desperate
to cobble a case together
in the hopes of saving
his fading reputation.
You haven't solved a case
in years,
MindSleuth is
in the bargain bin,
and that Patek Philippe,
while being a very good dupe,
is a knockoff nonetheless.
Even that scarf
is showing its age.
I assure you, I'm quite
comfortable in my station.
You're washed-up.
Holly and Brian's deaths
are just a means to an end,
another way to get your face
in the paper.
Which makes you as phony
as that wristwatch.
Thank you, Mr. Whitly.
I will let you know
when I obtain the search warrant
for your mother's house.
On what grounds?
Endicott's throat was slashed.
Perhaps the murder weapon
is still among
your mother's silver.
Tell me,
did you use it to carve
the roast at Christmas dinner?
You'll never be a white knight.
You're still just
a scared little boy,
hungry for Daddy's love.
Au revoir.
♪ ♪
(door opens, closes)
Don't try anything.
You're not the first psycho
I've picked up.
Thanks for trusting me.
Just drive to Grand Central.
We have to get you out of town.
Can I at least
pick up some stuff?
Sorry.
Whoever's doing this might
already be watching your place.
♪ ♪
I remember you now.
Yeah, you were nice,
but I could tell
you were going through a thing.
Yeah.
You weren't allowed
to ask questions.
Maybe I should have asked more,
since that pickup
was around the last time
I heard from Mr. Endicott.
Which means
I am supremely screwed.
Mr. Endicott was not a good man.
You're not the first young
woman whose life he ruined.
Like that's supposed
to make it okay?
(turn signal clicking)
This is not the way
to Grand Central.
Sorry, I'm, like, freaking out.
But you're not, are you?
You changed lanes smoothly,
used your signals.
You only had one hand
on the wheel,
which is pretty remarkable,
considering...
This is how I drive.
Uh, maybe we could
take the highway?
But you missed that, too.
You're going to the waterfront.
That's where you killed Holly.
You're not a link in the chain.
You ran the chain.
Relax.
One more thing,
and it'll all be over.
Hoxley.
He's waiting for you
at the yacht, isn't he?
I won't let you hurt him.
-We can go to the police.
-(tires squeal)
-I have connections.
I can help...
-You can't.
Now, I'm gonna go take care
of our little Europol problem.
All you have to do
is get out of the car
and literally do nothing.
Or I'll kill you.
Your choice.
(tires screech, engine revs)
(tires screech, horn honks)
(horn honking repeatedly)
MAN:
Cool it!
Chill, lady! Chill!
(tires screeching)
Stop right there.
How did you know I was here?
We need to get out of here now.
-You're being set up.
-Stay back.
You are here to kill the last
link in the chain, Natalie.
She's ready to come in,
but she's terrified,
and now I know why.
You don't understand,
she's here.
She's going to kill you.
(silenced gunshot)
Who was that?
The head of the snake.
We're going to be killed
by a millennial?
What a twist.
Follow me.
Obviously.
(shouts, groans)
-(groaning): Oh, God.
-Come here. Come on.
I can't die in Brooklyn.
Don't you carry a gun?
Don't you?
(whispers):
I'm British.
BRIGHT:
It's just a through-and-through.
-You'll be okay.
-Not the cashmere.
Okay.
Now, stay down.
I'll draw her away.
Oh, God.
(metallic clanging)
(yelps, grunts)
Drop the gun. Grab my hand.
How can I trust you?
I know what you did.
Please! There's no other way.
(whimpers)
(grunts, yells)
♪ ♪
Didn't see you there.
That's okay.
I know you had a long night.
(sighs)
Turned out she was in
pretty deep with Endicott,
and we know how he used people.
It's looking like she just...
(sighs)
...had enough and killed him.
I...
I tried to save her.
I know.
You did good work here.
HOXLEY:
He had some help.
(chuckles)
I just gave my statement
to Detectives Powell and Tarmel.
Now I'm off for some rest,
relaxation and painkillers.
-You are always welcome here.
-(chuckles)
Just call first.
Lieutenant Arroyo,
I promise I will try.
(pats arm)
Glad you're here.
I wanted to apologize.
-I got so defensive
of my family...
-No, stop.
It's you who should
have the apology.
Threatening you with
a paring knife was so dramatic.
What was I thinking?
"Those who mine darkness
see shadows
where there are none."
That's from MindSleuth.
You have read my book.
(chuckles)
And I'll read the next one.
Oh. That's kind.
But there's nothing sexy
about the silver medalist.
You solved this one.
Not true.
You were the one who tied
Endicott to the courier network,
followed the murder trail
from Estonia to Manhattan.
I was more
of a supporting character.
-More Lestrade to your Sherlock.
-Hmm.
You found the head of the snake.
It's almost as if
my investigation forced
the head of the snake to
come back and eat her own tail.
Sounds like a best seller.
Maybe.
But the press is so fickle.
I haven't booked
an appearance in years.
I might be able
to help with that.
Tell me, what was it like
to finally catch the woman
that murdered Nicholas Endicott?
It felt like something
we all needed.
Closure.
I go into more detail
in my new book
The Ouroboros Murders.
Named after the ancient symbol
of a snake eating its own tail.
Hmm. That's a brilliant title.
(chuckles)
It really is. Yeah.
If I didn't know any better,
I'd say you enjoyed that
-a little too much.
-Of course I did.
I got to put this Endicott mess
behind us.
And the prime-time slot.
To getting away with murder.
Oh...
How about--
to keeping it in the family?
-I'll drink to that.
-(Ainsley chuckles)
To family.
Mr. David?
I was dreaming about Versailles,
so this had better...
Dr. Capshaw.
I sent Mr. David to check
on another patient.
I assure you we're very alone.
So, I don't know
what plans you had
for my suture scissors...
...but I need them back.
I'm afraid I don't know
what you're talking about.
Then you can't think
very much of me.
You don't have the slightest
clue what I think of you.
I won't ask you again.
I'm doing you a favor, Whitly.
If you're caught
with those scissors,
14 days in isolation.
Neither of us want that, do we?
♪ ♪
(quietly):
Good boy.
Captioning sponsored by
WARNER BROS. TELEVISION
And FORD.
We go further, so you can.
Captioned by
Media Access Group at WGBH
access.wgbh.org
MAN:
Greg, move your head.